The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan. Gotham's new district attorney has been elected. His name is Harvey Dent, and he has a radical new agenda that threatens to take down Gotham's organized crime underworld once and for all with an iron fist. But the emergence of the rogue vigilante known as Batman has caused problems for Dent and his agenda. A new criminal mastermind known only as "The Joker" has arrived and aims to take Gotham out from under Harvey Dent's iron fist. The Joker stages a masterfully planned bank robbery and robs the Gotham mob blind. He uses this money to stage a series of horrific and strategic attacks against the city and its people - each one carefully planned and aimed at Dent and Batman while causing the rest of the city to enter panic mode. Meanwhile, Batman thinks he might have found a lead to The Joker thanks to Wayne Enterprises' dealings with a shady Chinese banker, and that takes Batman and Alfred to Hong Kong. The Joker has no rules, but Batman has only one, and the Joker aims to make Batman break his only rule. But who will be the one to take him out - will it be rogue vigilante Batman or will it be elected official Harvey Dent, the new hero with a face? 8 years after the events of The Dark Knight find Gotham at a time of peace. This is due to Batman taking the fall for Harvey Dent's murder. However, a new evil force named Bane has arrived in Gotham and aims to take over the city and expose the truth behind who Harvey Dent really was. Now that Wayne Manor has been completely rebuilt - Bruce Wayne has become almost reclusive, rarely leaving the estate. And with Bane taking over the city by force, it forces Batman to come out of retirement. But his allies are few and far apart. An elusive jewel thief by the name of Selina Kyle could be the key to stopping Bane - but whose side is she on? With the arrest of Lord Blackwood, Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson believe they have stopped one of London's most dangerous killers, responsible for four deaths and about to commit a fifth when he is apprehended. Several months later he is hanged for his crimes but rumors begin to circulate that he is in fact still alive, having used managed and the black arts to escape society's judgment. When they disinter his remains, they find the body of another man in the coffin. Soon, all of London is atwitter with the news that Blackwood has risen from the dead and for some, he is the devil incarnate. With the assistance of the very capable Irene Adler, Holmes and Watson must stop Blackwood before he can initiate his master plan: the takeover of the British government and eventually, world domination. Sherlock Holmes is investigating terrorist attacks in London alone since his old partner Dr John Watson will get married a few days later with Mary. His investigations point to Professor James Moriarty as the person responsible for the explosions. When Dr Watson and Mary are attacked in the train while traveling for their honeymoon in Brighton, Holmes delivers Mary to the protection of his brother Mycroft. Soon Holmes and Dr Watson disclose that Professor Moriarty has bought arms and ammunition factories and is trying to start a war in Europe killing political leaders and politicians. Now Sherlock and Watson have to stop Moriarty and his dangerous associate, the skilled former Colonel Sebastian Moran to avoid the imminent war. A rather odd thing has just occurred in the life of nerdy high school student Peter Parker: after being bitten by a genetically modified spider, his body chemistry is altered mutagenically. He can now scale walls and ceilings, he has superhuman strength and super fast reflexes, and he develops a precognitive sense that warns him of approaching danger. Adopting the name Spider- Man, Peter first uses his newfound powers to make money. but after his uncle is murdered at the hands of a criminal Peter failed to stop, he swears to use his powers to fight the evil that killed his uncle. At the same time, scientist and businessman Norman Osborn, after exposure to an experimental nerve gas, develops an alternate personality himself. the super- strong, psychotic Green Goblin! Peter Parker must now juggle three things in his life: his new job at a local newspaper under a perpetually on edge employer, his battle against the evil Green Goblin. and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate Mary Jane Watson, against none other than his best friend Harry Osborn, son of Norman Osborn! Is this challenge too much for even the Amazing Spider- Man to handle? The playboy wolf and genius Tony Stark is the successful CIO of the Stark Industries, a weapon company founded by his father. His second in command is Obadiah Stane, who worked with his father, and his loyal and professional secretary is Pepper Potts, who has a crush on Tony. While in Afghanistan to demonstrate the ultimate Jericho missile developed by his company, his military convoy is attacked and Tony is seriously wounded on his chest and kidnapped by a group of rebels that wants him to assemble a missile for their use. Tony stays with his abductors for three months and develops a powerful metallic armor to escape from the cave where he is arrested. He decides to stop manufacturing weapons in his company under the protest of Obadiah, and dedicates his time to improve the armor, manufacturing it with gold and titanium and installing a propulsion system to fly. However, Pepper discovers that Tony was betrayed by Obadiah, who is using Tony's data to build prototype armor for him, transforming it in the ultimate weapon. After Elizabeth, Will, and Captain Barbossa rescue Captain Jack Sparrow from the the land of the dead, they must face their foes, Davy Jones and Lord Cutler Beckett. Beckett, now with control of Jones' heart, forms a dark alliance with him in order to rule the seas and wipe out the last of the Pirates. Now, Jack, Barbossa, Will, Elizabeth, Tia Dalma, and crew must call the Pirate Lords from the four corners of the globe, including the infamous Sao Feng, to gathering. The Pirate Lords want to release the goddess Calypso, Davy Jones's damned lover, from the trap they sent her to out of fear. in which the Pirate Lords must combine the 9 pieces that bound her by ritual to undo it and release her in hopes that she will help them fight. With this, all pirates will stand together and will make their final stand for freedom against Beckett, Jones, Norrington, the Flying Dutchman, and the entire East India Trading Company. German businessman Oskar Schindler does not hesitate to use Jewish slave labor in his new factory. A member of the Nazi party, Schindler is essentially apolitical but knows how to deal with the bureaucracy and those in power to get what he wants. Over time, he is deeply affected by the treatment of Jews and begins to take steps to protect the 1500 or so people who work for him. He convinces the authorities to build a new factory where the employees are interned and goes out of his way to hire those who face the wrath of the camp commandant, Amon Goth. When the camp is closed, he arranges for "his" Jews to be transferred to a new factory in Czechoslovakia. When the train carrying the women is diverted to Auschwitz, he races to have them freed using a part of his fortune to have them released to him. By the end of the war, Schindler has lost everything but has saved the lives of over 1000 of his employees. During World War II a group of American soldiers are sent into Europe to kill Nazis. They've become so good at it that the Germans refer to them as The Basterds. Later, they work with a British officer who was sent to formalize a plan to kill several high ranking German officers at the premiere of a movie depicting the "heroics" of a German soldier. But something goes wrong at the meeting with their contact, a German actress, all of the members of the team who speak German are killed which complicates the plans. So the leader Lt Raine comes up with an alternative. And another complication is the screening is being moved to a small theater because the man depicted in the movie takes a liking to the owner of the theater. And unknown to them, she is a Jew whose entire family was killed by a Nazi officer, who was tasked with rounding up the Jews and is now the security officer of the screening. And also unknown is that she has her own plans. The story begins as "Don" Vito Corleone, the head of a New York Mafia "family", oversees his daughter's wedding with his wife Carmela. His beloved son Michael has just come home from the war, but does not intend to become part of his father's business. Through Michael's life the nature of the family business becomes clear. The business of the family is just like the head of the family, kind and benevolent to those who give respect, but given to ruthless violence whenever anything stands against the good of the family. Don Vito lives his life in the way of the old country, but times are changing and some dont want to follow the old ways and look out for community and "family". An up and coming rival of the Corleone family wants to start selling drugs in New York, and needs the Don's influence to further his plan. The clash of the Don's fading old world values and the new ways will demand a terrible price, especially from Michael, all for the sake of the family.